feat: add dart middleware to api docs (#599)
nitrictech/docs: docs/reference/dart/api/api-all.mdx

Reviewer: Add this link to the nav

---
description: "Reference for Nitric's Dart library - Register a single handler for all HTTP Methods (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH) on the route."
---

# Dart - api.all()

Register a single handler for all HTTP Methods (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH) on a route.

<Note>
  This method is a convenient short version of
  [api().route().all()](./api-route-all)
</Note>

```dart
import 'package:nitric_sdk/nitric.dart';

// Create an API named 'public'
final api = Nitric.api("public");

api.all("/customers/:customersId", (ctx) async {
  // construct a response for all incoming HTTP requests
  final responseBody = {};
  ctx.res.json(responseBody);

  return ctx;
});
```

## Parameters

<Properties>
  <Property name="match" required type="String">
    The path matcher to use for the route. Matchers accept path parameters in
    the form of a colon prefixed string. The string provided will be used as
    that path parameter's name when calling handlers.
  </Property>
  <Property name="handler" required type="HttpHandler">

>     The middleware service to use as the handler for HTTP requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The callback function to use as the handler for HTTP requests.
```
